Negative, -0.18:
 &gt;&gt;It is like that if they let more people in they stop being so cool anymore.

What if instead, because something becomes popular it gets worse.

As a simple example, what if I know this really sweet stretch of river, and for 5 years It goes pretty unknown its clean, there's no glass at the bottom to get injured on its just a really fun time all around.

Then year 6 rolls around, and by now tons of people know about it, and now there's litter everywhere and its just a gross stretch of land. This came as a result of more people using it.

You can apply this to a lot of other things, fandom included. I don't care if people like something, that doesn't effect me whatsoever. However when a company makes decisions that effect something I enjoy, because It became popular, why exactly am I not allowed to be upset?
Negative, -0.19:
 &gt;Certainly this sort of language is not conducive to actual understanding.

I agree: the caricature you've portrayed of the authors position is probably not all that fair. Now, I haven't read this particular book that you speak of, but I can see a line of reasoning in between the lines of your paraphrase and it is fairly common--which leads me to believe you are not being charitable in your interpretation. Can't imagine much understanding can take place amidst this kind of misrepresentation. And clearly not much understanding did take place if you think what the author is saying is that of "equating today's whites with the whites of 200 years", as if the author is blaming white people today for the actions of white people 200 years ago. Because of the way you've read the author, it seems like you want to say that we don't owe reparations. This is what you are saying, right? Please correct me if I'm wrong. (Clarifying your position might be helpful for me, as it seems like there are a few distinct issues in your post that are being blurred together.) I think you might be arguing against something nobody is arguing.

Lets look at an analogy, which will hopefully clear up some of the confusion (but not all of it (it is not the best analogy and only addresses one point, and also leave behind many subtleties)).

Let's say person A cheats person B out of their life savings. Most would consider what A did to B was wrong, and that the money the A now has in their possession is ill-gotten or illegitimate. This leaves B in a very poor spot, dissolving the life prospects of B and their family. Now, suppose that A and B both die and pass on their belongings to there children: A has child G, and B has child R. G now owns all the money that A cheated B out of (and by extension cheated R out of). R is worse off now than they would have been had not A cheated B. G is better off than they would have been had not A cheated B. 

Now, can you honestly say that the money that G has now, by way of inheritance, somehow is not still illegitimate, just because it has been passed on to someone else's hands? By what magic would this ill-gotten money cleans itself? If G was at all concerned with justice, what do you suppose they would do with the money? I think what justice calls for is for G to pay reparations to R, even though G is not the person that cheated B out of their money. No one is blaming G for what A did, but G is blameable and complicit if they do nothing to right the wrong, especially when one has or is currently benefitting from said wrong at the expense of others. A wrong that is never redressed does not just go away if we ignore it.

&gt;Every white person alive (shit, probably even modern Klansmen) can convey that history of white appropriations are to blame for virtually every economic, political, and probably social issues blacks in the Americas face. 

I can point you to some subs here on reddit, if you want, where a majority of the users don't believe this.

&gt;there's nothing you or I can do about it. 

Bullshit. There is nothing we can do to change the actual past, but there is plenty we can do going forward.

&gt;The author is being condescending

Let's pretend that this is actually about language and/or method of the message. Why is being condescending off the table? Why is it such a bad tactic, especially when no one seriously cares to hear what you have to say otherwise (particularly when it falls outside of the dominate narrative)? You understand how debilitating marginalization is, right? It seems to me this call for politeness is still the dominate group setting the rules of the game in their favor. Why should the subordinated group not try to find other ways to get a voice, outside of the "acceptable ways of discourse" determined for them? Why should they not be mad and frustrated? What have they got to lose when they are mostly silenced anyways?
Negative, -0.20:
 So let me get this straight. A person tells you verbatim that you are not understanding what she is saying. The person who *created the thoughts.* You tell them they are wrong. Sounds a hell of a lot like victim blaming/gaslighting actually.

What did you do with my original post? You replied immediately, disagreeing, despite the fact that you hadn't read it. Then you tried to foist your delusional or manipulative interpretation of what I said as the truth of what I said. It's literal victim blaming and gaslighting.

This makes so much sense. You're an abuser. 

Anyway, I'll be free in a month when you're not so pumped up and maybe willing to read a 2nd draft. And hopefully your disposition brightens.
Negative, -0.20:
 You make it sound like I'm against sex, which I'm not.
With the artificial insemination subject you are looking at the .01%, not the 99.99, which isn't very helpful.

Yes, 12.5&gt;8.15.  And we have immigration so it is sustainable.
Yes, that's what we do here on the Internet, complain.  Here is my solution, wait until you have a better job to have kids.  How's that?
Again, as I've said many times, I'm not for making a law that people on minimum wage can't have kids.  They shouldn't but they will.  So we don't really have to worry about what happens if they don't and our population growth goes negative.

Please stop responding with your bickering and quibbles.  I'm done with this.
Negative, -0.21:
 &gt; Name one part of red pill theory that involves weeding out women with self worth.

Treating women like children. 

&gt; That's called self confidence

Buwahahahah. Wow. Just want to point out that this is literally the definition of confirmation bias. You're ignoring all the times you fail and focusing on the one time you succeed and calling it self confidence. Not only that, it proves that TRP is wrong in their generalizations. If the generalizations were correct, then failing 50 times would never happen because all women would respond to you. You've admitted that you'll fail more than you'll succeed, but it's "self-confidence" to keep going. Neatly avoiding the fact that the majority of women do not respond to TRP theory

&gt; Actually, a most red pillers explicitly say that you shouldn't base your self worth on how many women you sleep with.

Then why is the entire red pill philosophy about having more sex?

Positive, 0.15:
 Thank you. That was a thoughtful response.  
  
Learning to live together has caused decades, if not centuries, of unrest in the US (where I'm from). Playing the waiting game doesn't seem like a great reason to let more people who are different in. Besides, what about the economic burdens on the average tax payer? They're working hard, putting money into the economy for their and their children's future, such as education and social services. Adding new people who require social services just takes that away and leads to resentment in the short term. 
Positive, 0.16:
 Let me preface this by saying that I understand how tough these kids, and their parents have it; I know it can't be easy for them, and I fully appreciate how much it must genuinely suck for them from time to time. That said, *their* condition is not *our* problem.

If this had been some drunk asshole making noise, no one would have a problem with people telling him to shut up, or get out. If it was someone talking on a cellphone, I'm sure this actor's facebook post would've had a much different tone. But because the person disrupting the show is a kid with autism we're expected to just say: "Oh, that's okay, please feel free to disrupt the performance that I paid $60 to see"? Fuck that. 

Is it unfair to these kids, absolutely it is, but guess what: *Life isn't fair*. *You* don't get to take it upon yourself to decide that everyone else has to accept your kid's behavior. *You* don't get to decide what other people have to be okay with, or how accommodating or understanding they need to be. 

Being a parent means that sometimes, you're going to miss out on things because of your kids, being the parent of a special needs child that much more, but that doesn't change the fact that it's your responsibility as a parent to know ahead of time what your kids can or cannot handle, and to then plan accordingly. If you take it upon yourself to say: "Fuck everyone else, I'll take my kid where I want and they'll just have to deal", then that's your prerogative, but in doing so you forfeit the right to complain/be offended when people tell you to control your kid, or get the fuck out.
Positive, 0.16:
 This is saying that because there are *some* white names that do as poorly or as poor as *some* black names, there is nothing that can be said.

Are short guys not at a disadvantage in the dating market because I can find *some* short guys who do well with women and *some* tall guys that don't?

The overall direction is clear. The black names *overall* do worse.

I appreciate the copy pasted response, but this is rather weak.
Positive, 0.17:
 &gt; including to show the world we're willing to use our military, to keep our military combat-ready and sharp

You can’t seriously be convincing me that we should fight in wars we don’t belong in so North Korea is scared of us.  What about the $700B war budget?  That’s pretty scary. 

&gt; First being, "joining to kill".

I was quoting a comedian deep into a thread where I was specifically asked to opine a belief that I wasn’t even arguing.

&gt; but that doesn't mean you shouldn't give a shit about them after a wreck happens

I’m mostly anti-Death, in general, I’m not going to reward someone for doing something foolish.

&gt; Again OP, your comments make you sound not like you want your mind changed but that you want to change everybody else's mind.

Oh, please, I was expecting this to get downvoted into the ground, I had no desire or belief that I would change anyone’s view.  I got hit with about 10+ unique arguments, none of which really swayed my underlying issue with “supporting the troops”. I understand that we can’t live in a world with no conflict.  I simply think we are too zealous when it comes to conflict and everyone involved shares responsibility.  I could see changing my mind, but it becomes a little difficult because anyone who disagrees with me gets very emotional about it, very quickly.    

&gt; And somebody has to do it to keep YOU from being conscripted, OP

Please don’t threaten me with conscription.  That’s getting close to asking Gay people to thank Straight people for doing all the procreation.  

Positive, 0.20:
 I would like to know your reasons why you don't think so. I appreciate the honesty though. 


Total execution time: 297.99 seconds
