Negative, -0.22:
 You need to realize that sometimes even incorrect transliterations stuck. Like Vitali Klitschko, which actually should've been ''Vitaliy Klychko''. But it isn't. Please read WP:COMMONNAME.  
Negative, -0.22:
 Which defence is that? The one I blew holes into a few days ago or the colonal trade empire defence, which I just addressed and not ignored? Please, now you are just talking non-sense. I've addressed you at every turn, and all I asked for is one example that supports you. One empire map that shows the kinds of things you want. Then you post ten google books links and say thats your reasoning. You seem to have an inability to understand when you are proven wrong or at least you are unable to have honest discussion and address issues. Your defence is always "well these websites/google books say it so it must be true" but when I reviewed them, the links seemed to support our side. After that you accuse me of not knowing the difference between a trading and colonial empire. That is not really a defence as to why these should be on a map of the dutch empire. I've challage you to make two maps, one for known trading posts and one for actual colonys, what did you do? You told me I ignored your defence. Who's ignoring who?- 
Negative, -0.23:
 No, sir. You are wrong again. Maybe a quote from surrealist Nancy Cunard from 1927 on surrealism and revolution, "a moral questioning of all that is in life, anarchically, poetically expressed". Or how about a statement from surrealist Claude Cahun to fellow surrealists in 1933 that surrealism, "can and should serve the cause of working class emancipation". Something that Breton passionatley uphelp up until the day he died!!!!!! Or how about a quote from surrealist Suzanne Cesaire from 1943? or how about a quote from Leonora Carrington from 1970?????!!!!!!! Surrealism is the point of intersection between art and revolution, even Dali himself knew that!!!!! Much of the above information you can also find in the surrealist Bertha Husband's essay, "Where Art and Revolution Intersect".
Negative, -0.23:
 You're the one pushing POV and if anything, you're pushing a minority POV.  You still won't read the argument and you still won't respond to any of the facts about Taiwanese culture and traditions.  And really dumb is you STILL think nation=ethnic group.  Why the hell do you sitll think that?  Please read wiki_link because you sound like you have no clue. 
Negative, -0.24:
 Any finite mathematical problem is decidable. Obviously. Really, really obviously. "Human behaviour" is finite. You could conduct the "mathematical modeling of a market" by literally modelling every single tiny nerve impulse in every single human being that has ever existed on this planet. This would be a finite problem. And so decidable. Please revise.  — Preceding unsigned comment added by    

Positive, 0.36:
 I am not sure why you think TrailVoy.com is a spam link.  That site has more resourceful information about this platform vehicle then Chevy.com/GM.com/GMC.com.  Their article section alone is a great resource and has been very beneficial to me.  I believe some of this article is referenced from one of their articles too! It is a completely free non-profit website.  Nothing to gain by adding it to that page.   
Hi! First off, as I said to 72.188.14.23, please sign your posts when you are commenting on talk pages. This helps everyone know who said what. Now, moving onto TrailVoy.com...I'm sure the site has been very helpful to many TrailBlazer/Envoy owners, but it does not fit the guidelines for external links added to Wikipedia. Wikipedia is not a mere collection of links and at first glance there is nothing useful to the casual user browsing TrailVoy. I tried to take a look at the articles you said that were helpful, but the site requires registration before you are allowed to view anything. Even still, I'm assuming these articles are written and maintained by the members of the community of TrailVoy. In which case, these articles would not be allowed to be referenced as they contain orginial research and/or claims (see WP:NOR for more information). Thank you for responding to this claim before re-adding the site, but I do not think it would be useful anywhere on this article. Thanks, 
Positive, 0.36:
 Hi Jtdirl, could you please contribute a vote at Talk:Anne-Marie of Greece? Thanks. Charles '''
 Anne Marie of Greece 
Hi Noel, could you please contribute a vote at Talk:Anne-Marie of Greece? Thanks. 
Positive, 0.37:
 Hi Black Kite could you have a look external_link please. I have removed this section per wiki_link, this is a thinley veiled attack on Domer. The editor states that they have ''nothing to contribute to this article''. I have warned the editor about using talk pages for personal opinion but they continue to put the content back. They have now accused me of ''bully tactics'' because I removed the content, Thanks. 
Positive, 0.43:
  Hi! Could you please check out my work? I Created a page called wiki_link and was wanting to know what you think of it. Thanks a lot!!
Positive, 0.43:
 Hi Looie, I appreciate the sound advise, but I am not going to be staying much longer.  Would you be willing to police the RRQ article?  Perhaps, a few of you can do it. Good luck. 


Total execution time: 307.10 seconds
